Dear Shaw associate,

Please take a few minutes to read through this email and understand the information request.

Overview and Purpose of Information Request
There are new laws requiring companies, like Shaw, who do business with the government to ask applicants and associates about their disability and veteran status.  The primary reason companies have been asked to collect this data is to determine the percentage of individuals in the workforce who have disabilities as well as the percentage who are veterans.  To comply with these new laws, Shaw has a disability and a veteran status survey inside ShawAndMe that associates may complete.  These surveys consist of one question with three potential answers.

Important Information to Know About Completing the Surveys
Shaw wants associates to feel comfortable about completing the surveys, and we encourage you to complete them.  Filling out the surveys cannot hurt you or result in you being treated differently based on how you answer the surveys: yes, no, or choosing not to fill out a survey at all.  The completion of these surveys are strictly voluntary.  Although Shaw is required to ask associates, you do not have to disclose information about your disability or veteran status.  The information provided will be completely confidential and only accessed for affirmative action plan reporting purposes.  It will also help Shaw promote a more diverse and inclusive workforce.

How Can I Complete the Surveys?
Inside ShawAndMe, there is a link to complete the disability and veteran status survey.  The surveys can be accessed by logging into ShawAndMe, clicking on the "My Personal Information" tab, and selecting the "Disability" link and the "Veteran Status" link under the "Personal Information" section.  Log in now to get started.

For step-by-step instructions (with screenshots) on how to complete the surveys, click here.

For Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) regarding the Disability survey, click here.

Please complete the surveys by September 25, 2015.


What if I Have Already Completed These Surveys?
It is possible that you have been asked to complete these surveys in the past during the applicant process or your specific facility may have already completed these surveys.  You are not required to fill out the surveys, but you are encouraged to fill out the surveys again even if your information has not changed.

Thank you for taking the time to complete these surveys if you choose to do so.  Please let us know if you have any questions.

Thanks,

